Document saving calendars to files (#1343)
collective/icalendar: CHANGES.rst

- Add documentation for how to use uv for development. :issue:`1102`
- Reorganize Design documentation. :issue:`1292`
- Improve docstring for ``categories_property``, which renders to HTML in :attr:`Calendar.categories <icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.categories>`, :attr:`Event.categories <icalendar.cal.event.Event.categories>`, :attr:`Journal.categories <icalendar.cal.journal.Journal.categories>`, and :attr:`Todo.categories <icalendar.cal.todo.Todo.categories>`. :issue:`1244`

> - Documented how to save calendars to ``.ics`` files. :pr:`1343`

Reviewer: Nitpick, it's an iCalendar file with an `.ics` extension, but that's too verbose here.

Also it's preferable to link to the issue.

```suggestion
- Documented how to save a calendar to a file. :issue:`626`
```
